so hello guys this is another my pokemon
move sets video and this is a dance bars
again but it sound a different dance
bars so this is the kind of curse tank
dance bars cuz in heartgold dance bars
can learn curse which allows him to get
some more more tactics and move sets so
I run the item leftovers because you
know left Taurus is one of the best
items in the game and as I said in the
previous video normal type blah blah
blah I run the careful nature because
it's you know you need special defense
because if you want to set up some
curses so I recommend you to maximize
your special defense and your HP and you
know like six and defense you see 251
special defense is not very good but you
can take some some few attacks from
pokemon like actually I think yeah for
example MX special attack Graham big
step psychic without specs isn't going
to do left it to Hecate sexually i think
a three hit KO so it's pretty nicely and
i recommend you to run swing dress but
actually in this move set sir ingress is
useless and every ability is here
useless as both run away and serene race
so you look a defense with our tvs is
pretty good I guess also but not as good
but okay special defense is kind of high
I think so it's pretty nice stiff HP is
very good i like this amount of HP and
the main move is curse cuz if you know
curse is a pretty good move so run curse
then a hilarious gyroball cuz you know
for example
or curses down and actually you can run
not careful nature you can run the
nature actually forgot what's that
nature which you know the nature which
plus special defense minus speed one
second please it is yeah you can run
cess in nature actually if you want to
set up the gyroball you can use SAS in
nature I think it's more useless here so
the main attack is curse then terrible
because you know terrible for example
for classes and terrible is like
dominating some because you know
minus 4 speed and plus or attack and
then i recommend this to go with stealth
rocks because you know stealth rock is
always good and if you have such a thing
with stealth rock i think it's pretty
nice and the last move i recommend to
set of the earthquake because you know
it's it has a lot of good coverage cuz
earthquake is one of the best moves in
in the game i think and earthquake is
always useful in every Pokemon and if
you if you have a pretty good coverage
so this is the curse tank dance bars and
a quick summary again item leftovers
careful nature or you can run sassy
nature 252 HP 252 special defense 6 in
defense serene race but actually ability
is a useless move curses moose curse
curse terrible Stealth Rock earthquake
so read comment subscribe guys and see
you all next time